Add reference capability matrix section (#369)
ponylang/pony-tutorial: content/reference-capabilities/capability-matrix.md

* __Sendable capabilities__. If we want to send references to a different actor, we must make sure that the global and local aliases make the same guarantees. It'd be unsafe to send a `trn` to another actor, since we could possibly hold `box` references locally. Only `iso`, `val`, and `tag` have the same global and local restrictions – all of which are in the main diagonal of the matrix.
* __Ephemeral subtyping__. If we have an ephemeral capability (for instance, `iso^` after consuming an isolated variable), we can be more permissive for the new alias, i.e. remove restrictions, such as allowing local aliases with read capabilities, and receive the reference into a `trn^`; or both read and write, which gives us `ref`. The same is true for more global alias, and we can get `val`, `box`, or `tag`. Visually, this would be equivalent to walking downwards and/or to-the-right starting from the capability in the matrix.
* __Recovering capabilities__. This is when we "lift" a capability, from a mutable reference to `iso` or an immutable reference to `val`. The matrix equivalent would be walking upwards starting from the capability – quite literally lifting in this case.

> * __Aliasing__. This is a bit less intuitive than the other points, since it only applies to `iso!` (which aliases to `tag`), and `trn!` (which aliases to `box`). If you picture a mirror in the anti-diagonal of the matrix (on top of `ref` and `val`), we can imagine that `iso` would be reflected on top of `tag` and `trn` would be reflected on top of `box`. Why? Well, our guarantees must be respected in new aliases to our references, . `iso` forbids reads/writes anywhere, so the new alias must prevent the programmer from doing any of these two actions locally and globally, which is why we end up with `tag`; and `trn` denies local and global writes (rendering it immutable), _but_ allows local reads, which gives us the locally immutable `box`, which is another way to say "it cannot be written to, at least from this reference". And since all other capabilities alias to themselves, we can simply follow the same rule for ephemeral subtyping: walking downwards and/or to-the-right.

Author: I'm not particularly fond of this item, since it doesn't actually give much visual intuition, and might drop it altogether.

It is also the origin of the concept behind each capability in Pony, in the sense of how each capability denies certain properties to its reference -- in other words, which guarantees a capability makes. We will explain what that actually means before presenting the matrix.

## Local and global aliases

Before anything else, we want to clarify what we mean by "local" and "global" aliases.

A local alias is a reference to the same variable that exists in the same actor. Whenever you pass a value around, and it's not the argument of an actor's behavior, this is the kind of alias we are working with.

On the other hand, a global alias is a reference to the same variable that can exist in a _different_ actor. That is, it describes the properties of how two or more actors could interact with the same reference.

Each reference capability in Pony is actually a pair of local guarantees and global guarantees. For instance, `ref` doesn't deny any read/write capabilities inside the actor, but denies other actors from reading or writing to that reference.

> You may recall from the [Reference Capability Guarantees](guarantees.md) section that mutable references cannot be safely shared between actors, while immutable references can be read by multiple actors. In other words, this implies that global properties are as restrictive or more restrictive than the local properties to that reference; it's not possible to write to an immutable reference in a local alias, for example.

Reviewer: This paragraph still seems a bit scattered to me. I've tried to suggest some changes that make it a bit more digestible, in my opinion:

```suggestion
You may recall from the [Reference Capability Guarantees](guarantees.md) section that mutable references cannot be safely shared between actors, while immutable references can be read by multiple actors. In general, global properties are always as restrictive or more restrictive than the local properties to that reference - what is denied globally must also be denied locally. For example, it's not possible to write to an immutable reference in either a global or local alias.
```

Author: I have added your change, but I'll review this paragraph myself later.
